Add argument include_resolved_param to sentinelone-get-threats (#31433)
demisto/content: Packs/SentinelOne/ReleaseNotes/3_2_14.md

#### Integrations

##### SentinelOne v2

> - Added the *include_resolved_param* argument to the command ***sentinelone-get-threats*** which allows to ignore the *resolved* argument in order to get threats whatever their status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *include_resolved_param* argument to the command ***sentinelone-get-threats*** which allows ignoring the *resolved* argument in order to get threats no matter what their status is.
```
